This is a library providing block patterns, which can be thought of as
"regexp for nodes", or something similar. There is no * or union, though.

A pattern takes the form of a table, with keys:
  size: A vector specifying how large the pattern is in each direction
  center: A vector specifying which node in the pattern should be considered
          the center. This need not actually be contained in the pattern.
  pattern: An array describing the pattern.


The pattern field is an array of node patterns, which are patterns for matching
single nodes. The array is arranged as rows of x in square of z in a cube of y,
unlike VoxelManip coordinates which have the roles of z and y reveresed. Node
patterns can have one of these forms:

""
  Matches any node, without making a capture.

"nodename"
   Matches a node with the given name, without making a
   capture. This can also be a group, and will match any member
   of the group.
	       
"capturename?nodename"
  Matches a single node and saves it as a capture. It will match any node that
  would have been matched by "nodename" alone, including if you leave nodename
  blank. If capturename is blank, the capture will be anonymous and not associated
  with a particular name. If it is not blank, the capture will be added to a
  list for that specific capture name.

"capturename!nodename"
  Similar to the above, but every node matched by "capturename!nodename" must be
  the same node. For example, if your pattern contains multiple
  "stones!group:stone", then the match will succeed if and only if all of them
  match the same kind of stone. This pattern cannot have a blank capturename.
  If you choose a specific node for nodename, then it will be equivalent to
  "capturename?nodename", as there is only one possible kind of node to match.


Captures:

When you match a multiblock pattern you may wish to know what some of the nodes
are, and their positions. Captures allow you to save nodes matched by the
pattern so they can be examined. When a match succeeds, it will also produce
a table containing captures. Each named capture is inserted into an
array specific to that capture name, which is accessible by indexing the table
with the capture name. For example, result["stones"][1] will give the first
capture associated with the name "stones". Anonymous captures are available
under the capture name "".

Each capture is a table with these fields:
  pos: A vector representing the absolute position of the node in the world
  name: The string name of the node.
  param1: The param1 of the node
  param2: The param2 of the node
Essentially this is the standard node table format, except with position
information. You could use this in place_node, for example.


Functions:

multiblock.match(pattern, center)
  Attempts to match a given pattern, placing the center of the pattern at
  the given center, which is a position vector. Returns nil on failure and
  a capture table on success.
